roundup(5) -- test-plan file format for roundup(1)
==========================================================

[r1t]: http://bmizerany.github.com/roundup/roundup-1-test.sh.html
[r5t]: http://bmizerany.github.com/roundup/roundup-5-test.sh.html

## SYNOPSIS

  my-utility-test.sh

## DESCRIPTION

  A test-plan is a simple shell script that contains tests.  Tests are functions whose
  names are prefixed with `it_`.

  Roundup will extract these function names and run them in a sandbox.  Each
  test is run in its own sandbox to prevent false positives.

  Example:

    describe "My Utility"

    it_displays_usage() {
      usage=$(./my-utility | head -n 1)
      test "$usage" = "usage: my-utility [arg1 ... argN]"
    }

  The `describe` function is defined in your sandbox as a convenient way to
  give the test-plan a more meaningful name than the default.

  When setup and tear-down are needed, create a `before` and/or `after` function.
  They are run before and after each test in the plan.  These are useful for
  cleaning up the file system or any environmental changes that may trip up
  tests.

  For a complete working example, see [roundup-5-test.sh][r5t] and
  [roundup-1-test.sh][r1t]

## BUGS

  There will be bugs.  Please report them at
  [here](http://github.com/bmizerany/roundup/issues)

## AUTHOR

  Blake Mizerany (http://blakemizerany.com/about)

## COPYRIGHT

  (c) 2010 Blake Mizerany

  `roundup` is licenced under the MIT open-source licence.

## SEE ALSO

  roundup(5), test(1)

## NOTES

  Contest - http://blog.citrusbyte.com/2009/05/19/introducing-contest

  Unit Testing - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unit_testing

  Behaviour Driven Development - http://behaviour-driven.org/Introduction
